[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Having returned
from Otherworld for the
single day granted to him,
Goku entered the newly-resumed
World Martial Arts Tournament
along with the rest
of the Dragon Team.
The main event has been reserved
for the 15
strongest contestants,
as determined by their
score on a punch machine.
Fortunately, with their fighting
abilities far surpassing
those of other hopefuls,
Goku and the others
passed the preliminaries
with flying colors!
Hey! I'm gonna kick
your butt out there!
As if! Take a hike!
You mouthy little--!
You just made a
really big mistake, kid!
I'm gonna pound
you so far into
the ground they'll
never find ya!
Oh, really?
[ANNOUNCER] After a hiatus of
many years, the World Martial
Arts Tournament is
about to begin anew!
[CROWD cheering]
Guess the tourney's a
way bigger deal now.
Look at this crowd.
[NARRATOR] First up
is the Junior Division,
in which three-dozen
scrappy youths
aged 15 and younger
will do their best
to be the last one standing.
The competition begins--now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
There're no prelims
for the Junior Division--
we cut straight to the chase!
These 35 pint-sized
warriors have come here today
to wow you with their
precocious pugilistic prowess!
They're fighting under
the same rules as the adults!
Giving up, leaving the ring,
getting pinned for a
ten-count, or getting
K.O.ed will all equal a loss!
Good luck, Trunks!
Get 'em, Goten!
Just start already.
I'm getting bored up here!
[WOMAN]
Finally!
I thought I was never
gonna find a seat!
I should be able
to see my Idasa
kick plenty
of butt from here!
Yoohoo!
[ANNOUNCER]
Without any further ado,
let the mini-brawls begin!
Up first is Bart, age 12,
versus Peperone, age 14!
Aw, already?
I'm still stuck here.
I really don't
want to miss Goten.
Oh yeah!
Your little brother's fighting
in the juniors, huh?
[CROWD cheering]
[laughing]
[crying]
[ANNOUNCER]
Looks like he hit him right
in the water-works, folks!
[sobbing]
[ANNOUNCER] Whatta
reversal of fortune!
That's the match!
Cardpi comes from behind
for a tear-filled win!
I did it!
Eh. Kids these days.
They don't train 'em
like they used to.
Now, moving on
to match number seven!
It's Koryu, age ten,
versus Imamu, age eight!
Begin!
[yells]
[ANNOUNCER] You won,
okay? Just relax a little!
[sobbing]
[MR. SATAN]
Dry your tears.
Champs don't cry.
Mr. Satan!
Hey, little man.
Win or lose, you should
always hold your head high.
Right!
[MR. SATAN] All right.
Now let's give 'em a smile.
[IMAMU]
Hey!
What a sight!
The little guy's
all smiles now!
The only thing
bigger than Mr. Satan's
biceps is his heart!
Yeah! Mr. Satan rocks!
You're so cool!
[MR. SATAN] Oh, man,
that couldn't've gone
better if I had planned it.
This kid's worth his
soggy-faced weight in PR gold!
Why are they cheering?
I gotta hand it
to the big blowhard.
He can work a crowd
like nobody's business.
[GOHAN] Sounds like the juniors
are giving 'em a good show.
Why is this line taking so long?
[ANNOUNCER]
And that's it!
Kalashnikov
wins with a ring-out!
Moving on to the ninth match.
We have Trunks, age eight,
against Idasa, age 15!
Ah! it's time
for mini-Trunks!
Stick it to 'em!
Except that he's a hundred times
stronger than the other kid.
Cut 'em a break, okay?
Hey! You ready to cry?
Better be!
Ugh. Idiot.
What? I'll be sure to
hit you extra-hard for that!
Save your breath, dope.
[chuckles]
That's a darn shame.
That little guy is gonna get a
first-class tail-whuppin' today.
Hey, Trunks! Best of luck!
Idasa! It's Mama!
[hollering]
Careful, lady!
Such a shame.
My boy won't be able
to showcase his skills
against that little
runt down there.
On top of that,
why did my camera have to
break today, of all days?
How will I get shots for
Idasa's scrapbook of wins?
Trunks, honey!
You feed that blond-haired
brat his teeth,
you hear me?
Well! I never!
Nnngh!
And begin!
[laughs]
Better gimme
your best shot, runt!
Come on!
Just one problem.
You're nowhere strong
enough for my best shot.
[CROWD gasps]
Heh.
Maybe I should've gone
easier on him than that.
Nah, that kid was a punk.
He--He knocked him out!
Trunks is the winner!
[CROWD gasps]
Awesome!
Eeeh! My baby!
[BULMA, OOLONG chuckle]
I knew it.
This is gonna be
a snoozefest 'til
Trunks and Goten get
to fight each other.
My first match is coming
up right after this one!
I told 'em they should
let us fight with the
grown-ups, but did
anybody listen? 'Course not.
[BOY sobbing]
[continues sobbing]
[NARRATOR] And so, the
junior-division matches
raged on, amid many tears--
and much laughter.
[ANNOUNCER] All right,
next up! Match 16!
And it looks like
another mismatch!
Ikose, age 14, and his
opponent Goten, age seven!
Let's make some noise for 'em!
[CROWD cheering]
[stammers]
This gon' be quick!
[KRILLIN] Ah!
Guess it's time for Goten
to show 'em what he's got!
I've never seen him fight!
This is going to be great!
Ikose, honey! Don't
get caught off-guard
like your brother was
by that other little runt!
Hey, Goten! Try not to
hurt him too badly!
So another of my children
has the misfortune
to face off against one
of their ill-mannered brats?
Oh, it's more than I can bear!
Whaddya know! I thought
the vacant look in that
other kid's eyes
was familiar!
Guess I should've figured
out the family connection!
Why, I!
Your runt winning that
match was just a fluke!
I guarantee you the same mistake
will not happen a second time!
Oh my gosh!
Whoa!
Hey!
Look at all those people
who're gonna
see you get beat!
Huh?
[chuckles]
Huh? That little boy.
"Goten," was it?
I am the champ!
That's it. Yes.
That boy is Goku's son.
He looks just the way his father
did when he was that same age.
All right! Let's get
this match started!
Don't forget, Goten!
Try to go easy on him!
[grunts]
Ikose! You ring that
little twerp's bell,
you hear me?
[MONK 9A] Huh, it's still
giving the error message.
[CONTESTANTS grumbling]
Hey, Gohan--I think Goten's
match may have started.
Yeah, I thought so.
If they don't fix it soon,
I'm gonna miss the whole thing.
How much longer?
Sorry, son.
This second punch machine we
brought out is kinda buggy so--
[breathing heavily]
Man, it's too bad I gotcha.
This'll be done quick!
Lights out, brat!
Killer Punch!
Huh?
Hey, stop going easy on me.
Kick me for reals, okay?
So maybe you're not as
much of a wuss as I thought!
[laughs]
Ikose is finally going to
give that runt the what-for!
Call him what you want!
It doesn't change
the fact that he's
gonna clean your kid's clock!
Hey, Ikose!
You have to win!
Mama needs this, okay?
Failure is not an option!
Aw. This is it, huh?
I'm so bored.
[CROWD cheering]
Amazing! He did it!
You knew he'd win.
It would seem that
Ikose had enough for
one day of fighting.
Sleep tight.
So, Goten is the winner!
[BULMAN chuckles]
Ngh-ngh-ngh-ngh-ngh-ngggh!
[chuckles]
[growls]
I have had enough!
--[thud]
--[CROWD gasps]
[MAN]
Nice!
Looks like
I still got it, huh?
[MALE CONTESTANT 9A]
You guys! It turns out the
seven-year-old aced his match!
Whoa! It sounds
like your brother won
against that 14-year-old!
That's pretty
incredible, huh?!
Mhm!
[GOHAN] Of course he won.
How could he not?
Aren't you happy for him?
Yeah!
Of course I am!
I didn't see that
coming at all!
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
the matches continued.
Goten wins the fight yet again!
[CHI-CHI]
He did it!
[BOY CONTESTANT 9H yelling]
I hope you're ready, kid,
'cause here comes the pain!
Ignoring me
isn't gonna help you!
All right! Get ready!
[groans, coughs]
[ANNOUNCER]
Trunks wins again!
All right!
[NARRATOR] Goten and Trunks
worked their way up the
tournament ladder, defeating
every opponent in their path.
Until at last, the time has come
for the championship round!
All right!
Time for the juniors
championship!
Let's bring out our two phenoms!
Once again, Trunks, age eight,
and Goten, age seven!
[CROWD cheering]
Trunks, honey!
I'm proud of you!
Hey, Goten!
Win the match and
bring home a
big stack of prize
money, would ya?
I'm glad we're
getting a fight where
I don't know who
the winner's gonna be.
You said it!
You do know I'm
gonna win this, right?
I wouldn't be so sure!
[CROWD cheering]
[snoring]
[MR. SATAN'S MONK]
Mr. Satan. Mr. Satan!
Oh, I didn't realize
that you were asleep!
[MR. SATAN]
Ha! As if!
I was meditating to get myself
set for the fights later on.
Any musclehead
can waltz into the ring
and toss his fists around,
but thanks to the
mental prep-work I do,
I'm basically untouchable!
[laughs]
Well, the championship match
for the Junior Division is
about to get started,
and the two children who are
fighting for the title are
both uncommonly strong.
I thought you might want to
see them in action, that's all.
It's going to be a
very interesting match,
from the looks of it.
Seeing as how I'm done
meditating, I guess I'll watch.
I do have to let the winner
take a swing at me later on.
Besides, I like watching
the little tykes fight.
[ANNOUNCER]
And now, the highlight
of the juniors division!
The championship match!
Will Trunks be the one
to taste sweet victory,
or will Goten carry the day?
Both've made it this
far by shutting out their
opponents with bursts of
unrivaled strength!
And in a twist
that defies belief,
these two kids are
really close friends!
You can do it, Goten!
I believe in you!
[SPECTATOR 9D]
C'mon, you kids!
Give us a good fight! Yeah!
[BULMA]
Good luck you two!
[CHI-CHI]
Make your momma proud!
[VIDEL] The championship
match is beginning!
[GOHAN] Huh? Hey, how
long is it gonna be?
I'm kind of in a hurry!
Actually, it's up
and running again!
Well, then!
Don't mind if I do!
[CONTESTANT 9B] No skipping
the line! Wait your turn!
[GOHAN]
Huh?
[ALL] Don't be
a freakin' jerk!
Come on!
Just this once, guys!
Please, sir--you're
causing a scene.
You're going to have to
get back in line now.
Look, we're in a hurry!
Why don't you get that?
I'm sorry. You're going
to have to wait.
Huh? But the
fight'll be over soon!
Can you feel the excitement?
At long last, the World
Martial Arts Tournament
Junior Division
championship match
is finally underway!
Heads up, man. I'm not
gonna hold back at all.
Sorry!
'Kay then.
I'm gonna fight for real.
[MR. SATAN]
Those are the finalists?
[MR. SATAN'S MONK]
Indeed they are, sir.
They're seven and
eight respectively.
[MR. SATAN] Must be
pretty scrappy to have
made it this far. Hm?
Huh. I could swear I met
that kid somewhere before,
but that'a been
before he was born.
Goten!
Give it your
best shot, Trunks!
Best of luck to both of you!
Just remember your training!
[CROWD cheering]
[CROWD gasps]
Whoa! Awesome!
Come on!
They're already
fighting down there!
Keep running!
I'm right behind you!
Sorry it took us so long!
The punch machine
line wasn't moving!
Well, 'bout time.
[chuckles]
So, what did ya do?
Sneak off for a quick
date or something?
No, it's not like that!
We're just friends, I swear!
Whatever you say, man.
I'm glad you got
here when you did!
The fight is starting
to get good!
Keep it up!
You're doing great!
Attaboy, Trunks!
Goten!
Keep it up, bro!
[yells]
Stay in bounds!
[CHI-CHI, BULMA
indistinctive yelling]
[GOTEN chuckles]
Thatta boy!
Keep it up, Goten! Yeah!
Trunks!
Break outta that hold!
[groans]
[CROWD gasps]
Trunks!
Remember your training!
C'mon! Win it!
You got this!
[BOTH yell]
[silence]
[MR. SATAN stammers]
Those--Those little kids.
They're unreal!
Wait! Hold on!
This epic battle is
being fought by
only seven and
eight year old kids?
Goten and mini-Trunks
are both giving us
one heck of a show,
wouldn't you agree?
Yeah, huh!
You guys are awesome!
Nice going down there!
This is... amazing!
[CROWD cheering]
[NARRATOR] The championship
battle between Trunks and Goten
has already amazed the crowd,
but they're not done yet!
There's a title on the line,
and even though the
two boys are close friends,
only one can win it all!
Who will be the next World
Martial Arts Junior Champion,
and earn a shot at
Mr. Satan himself?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Goten and Trunks
aren't too shabby, huh!
I'd expect no less from a
couple of half-Saiyan kids!
[TRUNKS]
You've gotten better, Goten!
But I'm still gonna be the
one to win this match!
Sorry!
[GOTEN] You might
be in for a surprise!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOHAN]
C'mon guys.
You can't go
turning Super Saiyan
in front of all these people!